---
title: "Multi-attribute control chart design for bronze pipe fittings production"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2016-03-08-multi-attribute-control-chart-design-for-bronze-pipe-fittings-production
excerpt: 'Quality becomes one of the most important factors for sustaining company competitiveness in this intense industry
competition. To control the quality of the ongoing production process, the common method used is Statistical Process Control
(SPC), which is basically part of Statistical Quality Control (SQC). The primary tool used in SPC is control chart. Many companies
conduct quality control by performing inspections of product defect with more than one defect attributes, or multi-attribute. Such
conditions require the use of multi-attribute control chart. However, unlike the research developments in the field of multivar iate
control charts, little research has been done in the field of multi-attribute control charts. This research proposed a framewor k of
statistical process control for some simultaneously correlated defect characteristics on bronze pipe fittings production proces s
using multivariate np chart (MNP chart). The MNP chart consists of Phase I as the formulation of the initial control limits usi ng
the preliminary sample and Phase II as a reference for future st atistical process control. The result of Phase I and II of the multi-
attribute control chart application indicates that there were out-of-control processes, to then be identified and analyzed the main
contributor of the cause.'
date: 2016-03-08
venue: 'Proceedings of the 2016 International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Operations Management'
paperurl: 'https://ieomsociety.org/ieom_2016/pdfs/322.pdf'
citation: 'I.B.N. Sanditya Hardaya, A.P. Setyana, I. Surjandari, and A. Dhini. (2016). "Multi-attribute control chart design for bronze pipe fittings production" <i>Proceedings of the International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Operations Management</i>, pp. 1157-1166, March 2016.'
---
